Now we’ll define your models – essentially, your database layout, with additional metadata.

A model is the single, definitive source of information about your data. It contains the essential fields and behaviors of the data you’re storing

In our poll app, we’ll create two models: 
1. Question 
2. Choice.

```py polls/models.py
from django.db import models

class Question(models.Model):
  question_text = models.CharField(max_length=200)
  pub_date = models.DateTimeField("date published")

class Choice(models.Model):
  question = models.ForeignKey(Question, on_delete=models.CASCADE)
  choice_text = models.CharField(max_length=200)
  votes = models.IntegerField(default=0)
```

Here, each model is represented by a class that subclasses django.db.models.Model

Each model has a number of class variables, each of which represents a database field in the model.

Each field is represented by an instance of a Field class – e.g: 
CharField for character fields 
DateTimeField for datetimes. 
This tells Django what type of data each field holds.

The name of each Field instance (e.g. question_text or pub_date) is the field’s name, in machine-friendly format.
You’ll use this value in your Python code, and your database will use it as the column name.

You can use an optional first positional argument to a Field to designate a human-readable name. That’s used in a couple of introspective parts of Django, and it doubles as documentation. In this example, we’ve only defined a human-readable name for **Question.pub_date**

Some Field classes have required arguments. CharField, for example, requires that you give it a max_length. That’s used not only in the database schema, but in validation.

A Field can also have various optional arguments; in this case, we’ve set the default value of votes to 0

Finally, note a relationship is defined, using ForeignKey. That tells Django each Choice is related to a single Question. Django supports all the common database relationships: many-to-one, many-to-many, and one-to-one.