(Tutorial  Part 2 - Activating Models)[https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/intro/tutorial02/#activating-models]
(more on the migrate command)[https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/django-admin/]

Migrations refer to a way of managing changes to a database schema.

Migrations are very powerful and let you change your models over time, as you develop your project.

Migrations are important because they allow developers to make changes to the database schema while preserving the existing data.
They specializes in upgrading your database live, without losing data. 

By running make migrations, you’re telling Django that you’ve made some changes to your models (in this case, you’ve made new ones) and that you’d like the changes to be stored as a migration.

Model code gives Django a lot of information. With it, Django is able to:
- Create a database schema (CREATE TABLE statements) for this app.
- Create a Python database-access API for accessing Question and Choice objects.

But first we need to tell our project that the polls app is installed.

To include the app in our project, we need to add a reference to its configuration class in the INSTALLED_APPS setting

```py mysite/settings.py
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    "polls.apps.PollsConfig", << add this
    "django.contrib.admin",
    "django.contrib.auth",
    "django.contrib.contenttypes",
    "django.contrib.sessions",
    "django.contrib.messages",
    "django.contrib.staticfiles",
]
```

A few things to note:
- Primary keys (IDs) are added automatically. (You can override this, too.)
- By convention, Django appends "_id" to the foreign key field name. (Yes, you can override this, as well.)
- It’s tailored to the database you’re using, so database-specific field types such as auto_increment (MySQL), bigint PRIMARY KEY GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY (PostgreSQL), or integer primary key autoincrement (SQLite) are handled for you automatically. Same goes for the quoting of field names – e.g., using double quotes or single quotes.
Now we can make our migration.
- 

The reason that there are separate commands to **make** and **apply** migrations is because you’ll commit migrations to your version control system and ship them with your app; they not only make your development easier, they’re also usable by other developers and in production.

First we can **make migrations**
```bash 
  python manage.py makemigrations polls
```

Then we can view the changes that migrtaion will make 
The sqlmigrate command doesn’t actually run the migration on your database

```bash
  python manage.py sqlmigrate polls 0001
```

you can also run check
```bash
  python manage.py check; t
```

Then we can **apply** the migration/new schema to the database

```bash
  python manage.py migrate
```
The migrate command takes all the migrations that haven’t been applied (Django tracks which ones are applied using a special table in your database called django_migrations)  essentially, synchronizing the changes you made to your models with the schema in the database
