# Creating a Project

This project will consist of two parts:
1. A public site that lets people view polls and vote in them.
2. An admin site that lets you add, change, and delete polls.

---

### Project File Structure
mysite/
    manage.py
    mysite/
        __init__.py
        settings.py
        urls.py
        asgi.py
        wsgi.py

- **mysite/**: the outter root directory is a container for your project. Its name doesn’t matter to Django; you can rename it to anything you like. We just move everything into the root of our repo
- **manage.py**: is a command-line utility that does the same thing as django-admin but also sets the DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE environment variable so that it points to your project’s settings.py file. [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/ref/django-admin/]
- **mysite/**: the inner directory is the actual Python package for your project. Its name is the Python package name you’ll need to use to import anything inside it (e.g. mysite.urls).
- **mysite/__init__.py**: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a Python package. [https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html#tut-packages] 
- **mysite/settings.py**: Settings/configuration for this Django project [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/settings/]
- **mysite/urls.py**: The URL declarations for this Django project; a “table of contents” of your Django-powered site [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/http/urls/]
- **mysite/asgi.py**: An entry-point for ASGI-compatible web servers to serve your project. See How to deploy with ASGI for more details. [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/howto/deployment/asgi/]
- **mysite/wsgi.py**: An entry-point for WSGI-compatible web servers to serve your project. See How to deploy with WSGI for more details [https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/howto/deployment/wsgi/]

---

### Running the django development server

```bash
  python manage.py runserver 5000
```

This starts the Django development server, a lightweight web server written purely in Python. We’ve included this with Django so you can develop things rapidly, without having to deal with configuring a production server – such as Apache – until you’re ready for production.

###### Automatic Reloading 
The development server automatically reloads Python code for each request as needed.
You don’t need to restart the server for code changes to take effect.
However, some actions like **adding files** don’t trigger a restart, so you’ll have to restart the server in these cases.





