# Creating and App

Projects vs. apps

What’s the difference between a project and an app? An app is a web application that does something – e.g., a blog system, a database of public records or a small poll app. A project is a collection of configuration and apps for a particular website. A project can contain multiple apps. An app can be in multiple projects.

We’ll create our poll app in the same directory as your manage.py file so that it can be imported as its own top-level module, rather than a submodule of mysite.

```bash
  python manage.py startapp polls
```

---

### App Structure

polls/
    __init__.py
    admin.py
    apps.py
    migrations/
        __init__.py
    models.py
    tests.py
    views.py

---

### Views

```py 
from django.http import HttpResponse


def index(request):
    return HttpResponse("Hello, world. You're at the polls index.")

```

This is the simplest view possible in Django. To call the view, we need to map it to a URL - and for this we need a URLconf.
To create a URLconf in the polls directory, create a file called urls.py.

polls/
    __init__.py
    admin.py
    apps.py
    migrations/
        __init__.py
    models.py
    tests.py
    **urls.py** << we need to make this file
    views.py


###### include()
We then need to point the **root URLconf** at the **polls.urls** module

The include() function allows referencing other URLconfs. Whenever Django encounters include(), it chops off whatever part of the URL matched up to that point and sends the remaining string to the included URLconf for further processing.

The idea behind include() is to make it easy to plug-and-play URLs. Since polls are in their own URLconf (polls/urls.py), they can be placed under “/polls/”, or under “/fun_polls/”, or under “/content/polls/”, or any other path root, and the app will still work.

###### path()

The path() function is passed four arguments, 
two required: 
1. route: route is a string that contains a URL pattern
2. view: When Django finds a matching pattern, it calls the specified view function with an HttpRequest object as the first argument and any “captured” values from the route as keyword arguments
and two optional: 
3. kwargs: arbitrary keyword arguments can be passed in a dictionary to the target view
4. name: Naming your URL lets you refer to it unambiguously from elsewhere in Django, especially from within templates. This powerful feature allows you to make global changes to the URL patterns of your project while only touching a single file.





